# Class 18 reading notes

#### [HOME](https://cesarderio.github.io/reading-notes/)

## Logging and Monitoring

Below you will find reading materials and additional resources that support today’s topic and the upcoming lecture.

## Reading

[Introduction to AWS CloudWatch](https://www.citrusconsulting.com/introduction-to-aws-cloudwatch/)

Explain CloudWatch Events to a non-technical friend.

* CloudWatch Events is like the system "overwatch", or a security guard monitoring all the security cameras at a mall, It(they) can watch and see events as they happen and set off alerts, changes, SOPs, etc.. It can notify the user/SysAdmin accordingly and can be customized to meet given conditions.

What do CloudWatch Logs helps us achieve?

* Helps users to access, monitor & store access log files from:
  * EC2, Lambda functions, CloudTrail, Route 53, etc..
  * Centralized logs from all systems, applications, and AWS services.
  * Near real-time monitoring.
  * Search & filter in real-time

What capabilities does CloudWatch Anomaly detection have?

* *"Learn and model the expected behavior of a metric based on prior data."*"

* *"Calculate expected values and generates the Anomaly Detection band. This is based on a lower and an upper band metric generated by the model. Metric values that fall outside the predicted confidence band are considered anomalies."*"

* *"Enable you to create alarms based on the Anomaly Detection band and remediate detected anomalies."*"

* *"AWS API & CloudFormation support."*"

<br>

### Things I want to know more about
