301-reading-notes/class-09.md, before:

# Class 9 reading notes

#### [HOME](https://cesarderio.github.io/reading-notes/)

---start out with statement about why this is important
asf;dklfjd;fkljd;lfjdf;ldjvflkdsjf
as;lfkjdsf;lkdjf;ldjfdslkfjdskfjds;lkfjds;lfjds;lfjkd

Reading
[Functional Programming Concepts](https://medium.com/the-renaissance-developer/concepts-of-functional-programming-in-javascript-6bc84220d2aa)

What is functional programming?

* building applications using expressions and functions without 'mutating' state and data.

What is a pure function and how do we know if something is a pure function?

* A function that returns the same result with the same arguments passed without need for changing state or data.

What are the benefits of a pure function?

* It can make the code more efficient and better to read and understand.

What is immutability?

* The value can not be changed without creating a new value.

What is Referential transparency?

* Expressions can be replaced by (value, another variable) having the same value without changing the result/outcome of the program.

Videos
[Node JS Tutorial for Beginners #6 - Modules and require()](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHLd36QoS4k&ab_channel=TheNetNinja)

What is a module?

* A file(s) that contain code related to the application.

What does the word ‘require’ do?

* It tells the program to use that(module)/ add APIs and/or built-in NodeJS modules.

How do we bring another module into the file the we are
working in?

* We use **import** to import that (module) or from React/axios/etc.

What do we have to do to make a module available?

* We have to import it into the file/component that we are building, to which we want to import the module.

## Things I want to know more about

Commit message:

adding to reading notes for class 09

301-reading-notes/class-09.md, after:

# Class 9 reading notes

#### [HOME](https://cesarderio.github.io/reading-notes/)

We are learning how to be more efficient and smarter with our code. Making less possibilty of bugs, more functionality, and get better at understanding, reading and comprehending the code.

Reading
[Functional Programming Concepts](https://medium.com/the-renaissance-developer/concepts-of-functional-programming-in-javascript-6bc84220d2aa)

What is functional programming?

* building applications using expressions and functions without 'mutating' state and data.

What is a pure function and how do we know if something is a pure function?

* A function that returns the same result with the same arguments passed without need for changing state or data.

What are the benefits of a pure function?

* It can make the code more efficient and better to read and understand.

What is immutability?

* The value can not be changed without creating a new value.

What is Referential transparency?

* Expressions can be replaced by (value, another variable) having the same value without changing the result/outcome of the program.

Videos
[Node JS Tutorial for Beginners #6 - Modules and require()](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHLd36QoS4k&ab_channel=TheNetNinja)

What is a module?

* A file(s) that contain code related to the application.

What does the word ‘require’ do?

* It tells the program to use that(module)/ add APIs and/or built-in NodeJS modules.

How do we bring another module into the file the we are
working in?

* We use **import** to import that (module) or from React/axios/etc.

What do we have to do to make a module available?

* We have to import it into the file/component that we are building, to which we want to import the module.

## Things I want to know more about
