201-reading-notes/class-10.md, before:

# Class 10 reading notes

## What Went Wrong? Troubleshooting JavaScript:

Name some key differences between a Syntax Error and a Logic Error.

* A logical error is there is something wrong or not working in the algorithm, where as syntax is human error or the "grammer" or ruleset of the language.

List a few types of errors that you have encountered in past lab assignments and explain how you were able to correct them.

* There were many times that it was nothing more than a missing semi-colon or period. I'd rack my brain trying to figure it out or find the error, I usually would look for how I set up my functions or conditionals only to find out it was a simple miss-type or missing period.


How will this topic continue to influence your long term goals?

* I think it will always influence my goals, future jobs, daily errors that will pop-up only for me to find out way later that I forgot to add that last parenthesis.

## The JavaScript Debugger:

How would you describe the JavaScript Debugger tool and how it works to someone just starting out in software development?

* It is like a pause or screenshot in a videogame. You are able to view and run snippets of code. Breaking it down into smaller bite size pieces makes it much easier to find errors and debug.

Define what a breakpoint is.

* It is a point designated usually by the programmer to stop executing the code. This is part of making it easier and more efficient to debug, especially with large running code.

What is the call stack?

* It keeps track of all the running code, multiple function calls, it keeps track of everything like a chaperone on a kid's field trip.

## Things I want to know more about:

Commit message:

added more to class 10 reading notes

201-reading-notes/class-10.md, after:

# Class 10 reading notes

Debugging and troubleshooting will be very helpful as I learn more and advance in web development. It is a daily part of programming to find errors and/or work on efficiency of code, and I do love efficiency.
## What Went Wrong? Troubleshooting JavaScript:

Name some key differences between a Syntax Error and a Logic Error.

* A logical error is there is something wrong or not working in the algorithm, where as syntax is human error or the "grammer" or ruleset of the language.

List a few types of errors that you have encountered in past lab assignments and explain how you were able to correct them.

* There were many times that it was nothing more than a missing semi-colon or period. I'd rack my brain trying to figure it out or find the error, I usually would look for how I set up my functions or conditionals only to find out it was a simple miss-type or missing period.


How will this topic continue to influence your long term goals?

* I think it will always influence my goals, future jobs, daily errors that will pop-up only for me to find out way later that I forgot to add that last parenthesis.

## The JavaScript Debugger:

How would you describe the JavaScript Debugger tool and how it works to someone just starting out in software development?

* It is like a pause or screenshot in a videogame. You are able to view and run snippets of code. Breaking it down into smaller bite size pieces makes it much easier to find errors and debug.

Define what a breakpoint is.

* It is a point designated usually by the programmer to stop executing the code. This is part of making it easier and more efficient to debug, especially with large running code.

What is the call stack?

* It keeps track of all the running code, multiple function calls, it keeps track of everything like a chaperone on a kid's field trip.

## Things I want to know more about:
